First days work on privacy page (#131)
elixir-europe/rdm-toolkit: pages/your_problem/privacy.md

---
title: Privacy
keywords: optional
contributors: [Pinar Alper, Carole Goble]
---

## "Concrete Problem 1, Ideally Formulated as a Question"
 
### Description

Privacy is important in RDM.

> We have added th elist of privacy tools see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added the list of privacy tools see below.
```
